How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

   Typo errors can be easily identified and the lines which have changed from 
previous version was easily recognizable.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

   The older versions can be used for comparison, restoration to new version 
and help other programmers/viewers to know what is going on with the program.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    Pros of manually choosing vs automatically : 1) size of change can be 
according to rule of thumb in manual choosing while automatic version control 
has possibility of storing small changes
2) Messages can be added in manual choosing to note the changes while automatic 
version control has no provisons to do so
3) Very few versions of a code in manual storing while too many versions 
irrespective of the kind of change
   Cons of manually storing vs automatically storing:1) Chances of large change
version update is possible in manual storing while this is not possible in
automatically storing

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others,like Google Docs, treat each file separetely?

     Version Control Systems like Git track files as snapchat in which all files
of a repository are updated and there is a possibility that all three files 
can be updated in a single commit manually while in version controls like google 
docs only the file is updated automatically 

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
 
    git log: gives Author,date and message of all the commits from latest to
             past. Inorder to quit press q when you find the proper message 
             you were looking for.
    git diff: with the first ID and the second ID can tell the difference
             between two commits using which we can see where lines were added/
             deleted

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

   version control helps in navigating through previous commits and checkout 
where the error happened. This can be done using git checkout one ID after 
another until the mistake is found and git diff can be used to see the 
changes made in code

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

   I want to clone some repository and use other operators on commits to see 
how the differences and logs are displayed
